#57 Add documentation for first 7 USD tutorials (#58)
Inbibo/shift_docs: docs/integration_resources/resources/usd.md

### Examples
This section is reserved to an example video of how to use USD resources.
 -->

## Tutorials

> To start learning how to use the different operators implemented for the Shift_USD catalog, a series of tutorials are helpful to understand the overall of the basic operators. These following tutorials are inspired on the Pixar's tutorials from the [OpenUsd](https://openusd.org/release/tut_usd_tutorials.html) project webpage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start learning how to use the operators implemented in the Shift_USD catalog, a series of tutorials are provided to grasp the fundamentals of the basic operators. The following tutorials are based on Pixar's tutorials from the [OpenUsd](https://openusd.org/release/tut_usd_tutorials.html) project webpage:

```
